c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\GameProject.exe
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\GameProject.pdb
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\obj\x86\Debug\GameProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\obj\x86\Debug\GameProject.exe
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\obj\x86\Debug\GameProject.pdb
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Arial20.xnb
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\burger.xnb
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\explosion.xnb
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\frenchfries.xnb
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\teddybear.xnb
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\teddybearprojectile.xnb
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\burger.png
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\explosion.png
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\frenchfries.png
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\teddybear.png
c:\users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\teddybearprojectile.png
C:\Users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\BurgerDamage.xnb
C:\Users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\BurgerDeath.xnb
C:\Users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\BurgerShot.xnb
C:\Users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ExplosionSound.xnb
C:\Users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\TeddyBounce.xnb
C:\Users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\TeddyShot.xnb
C:\Users\haha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XNA game\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Arial20.spritefont
